Grading results for Homework 1
1) Celine Wang - all exercises correct. Total points: 12/12
2) Emmie Fernandez - Confusion on exercise 44 between population and subsample.  The population is all heart attack patients and the sample is the set of heart attack patients actually studied.  The population isn't actually all patients because the questions and variables are about heart attacks.  Thus, if there are patients in the population who've never had heart attacks then the sample might contain people who have never had one, and the mean would be skewed.  Also confusion for exercise 46, the sample isn't the propotion who say good job, it's just a random sample of voters.  On exercise 60, distance should be quantitative continuous, since distance is a continuous variable.  On exercise 76, the Gallup strategy was an example of stratified sampling.  On exercise 76c, there could be population demographic differences, and they have different N values.  Total points: 10.5/12
3) Mark Borovykh - On exercise 42, the parameter is not a particular value, but just the hours for all members of the population.  Same idea on exercise 44.  On exercise 58, technically it is qualitative, but as you describe it, you can think of it as quantitative discrete.  On exercise 76d) this is more stratified sampling than cluster.  Cluster is when you take random groups of individuals.  Gallup sampled randomly from pre-defined groups.  Total points: 11/12
4) Max Goodman - On exercise 51, this idea is more of a variable.  A statistic measures a variable N times if the sample has N data points. On exercise 58, this is an example of qualitative data (Best show, second best show, etc.).  If you used a Nielson rating, then maybe it's a quantitative discrete variable. On exercise 60, distance is a continuous quantitative variable (not discrete - if it were discrete then a runner could only be at certain positions...)  On exercise 76, sampling from pre-defined subsets of the population is more like stratified sampling.  Total points: 10.5/12
5) Nicholas Bernal - On exercise 52, the answer was a statistic.  A paramter is a statistic, but for the entire population.  On exercise 60, distance is usually continuous, i.e. 16.2 km away.  Total points: 11.25/12
6) Samuel Ho - On exercise 46, the population is the set of voters in the district.  The sample are those polled in the district, a subset of the population.  The parameter is the proportion of the population that approves, and the statistic is the proportion of the sample that approves.  On exercise 51, the answer was A.  Your answer for question 90 was very interesting, accounting for distance learners.  Total points: 11/12
7) Taylor Watanabe - For exercise 66, I appreciated the detail you gave.  I think this is an example of cluster sampling.  We can also use, for example, stratified sampling for this problem.  For exercise 90a) I think you meant 4 percent, not 40.  Total points: 12/12
8) Tian Li - On exercise 60, we usually think of distance as a continuous variable (16.1 km, 16.15 km).  For exercise 90c) although your answer is potentially correct, it is a good idea to consider that the demographics of a remote, low-population college will be different than one in Southern California.  Thus, we can correct for the N-value, but the proportions of students of different types or majors would be different. Total points: 11.75/12
9) Abdulmonem Al Hajji - On exercise 42, the sample is a subset of the total population. On exercise 44, the parameter is the same as the statistic, except the parameter applies to the whole population.  The statistic applies just to the sample.  Same idea on exercise 46: the population is the voters, the sample is the number of voters actually tested.  The parameter is the proportion of the whole population who approve, and the statistic is the proportion of just the sample that approve.  On exercise 66, you've chosen essentially random sampling which is a good start.  Stratified sampling might be more precise, because not all schools have similar characteristics.  Some might be designed to serve technical students and therefore naturally have larger statistics classes.  For problem 76 I think you meant stratified sampling not starfield sampling.  Total points: 10/12